to make a bath of milk froth
are some rules to follow
take cold whole milk and pour
your milk in a small stainless charm
to froth the milk start with
put the nozzle just on the surface of the
milk only a few seconds and 6
allows to incorporate more air with the
drooling fear that they turn into well
plunged the nozzle does not bring life to
middle of the centers and there a little bit
on the side created a swirl in
placing the nozzle on the side it is necessary
create small bubbles of thin air and
no big boobs this step consists
actually creating micro bubbles in the
milk by blowing steam a
time you did a cell is one
will make it shine
that is, we will make a gesture of
rotation with the pitcher to make
shine the milk on the sides it's
the axé visible in life the drawing of the heart
is formed by the movement towards wise from
milk in the coffee is a hand
to take away from enough with regard to a
brown surface the milk will fall well to
bottom of the cup and do not bleach rap at the
December surface the pitcher at the level of
the surface by maintaining the flow not
hesitate to rely on the edge of the
cup it will make a poc
tilt the jug further to create
a white mark on the surface of the coffee
this brand represents the basis of your
heart in celebration of yesterday and then to
outside to draw the tip of the
heart with the nets of the is while
reducing by 10
this gesture is not easy
to train to come to counter the
movement of the pitcher with precision